hey where the Ministry of Magic
excluding Aaron we are here today spring
you our new exclusive video here in your
car but do you buy the black sister now
unfortunately the black sisters have
cursed us and we've lost our American
accents and you know the black sisters
can't do an American accent as proved
several months ago on YouTube however we
just want you to enjoy so without
further ado here we go so you're sure I
like where we are when we fly in your
car I like where we are here
cuz our flights defines that we're
friends and our flight it starts here
you
I like when you keep when you keep next
to me I like when you keep here slide
defines then your friends yes I flight
it starts here
I'm scared
so will
our flight defines and our flight it
starts here
you
the one applies next to me whispers I'm
scared look out it's a World Tree
there's
Oh
oh god oh god
you
that's bloody awful idea we're gonna get
a few nasty comments for that in what